Add oneof support for Protobuf via Confluent Schema Registry (#16836)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/kafka.rst

insensitive match must be done, as identifiers cannot contain upper case
characters.

> Protobuf specific type handling in Confluent table description supplier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Protobuf-specific type handling in Confluent table description supplier
```

"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> When using the Confluent table description supplier the following Protobuf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the Confluent table description supplier, the following Protobuf
```

> specific types are supported in addition to the :ref:`normally supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specific types are supported in addition to the :ref:`normally supported types
```

> <kafka-protobuf-decoding>` types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<kafka-protobuf-decoding>`:
```

oneof
+++++

> Protobuf schemas containing ``oneof`` fields get mapped to a ``JSON`` field in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Protobuf schemas containing ``oneof`` fields are mapped to a ``JSON`` field in
```

Trino.

> For example given the following Protobuf schema:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example given the following Protobuf schema:
```
```suggestion
For example, given the following Protobuf schema:
```

.. code-block:: text

    syntax = "proto3";

    message schema {
        oneof test_oneof_column {
            string string_column = 1;
            uint32 integer_column = 2;
            uint64 long_column = 3;
            double double_column = 4;
            float float_column = 5;
            bool boolean_column = 6;
        }
    }

> The corresponding Trino row would have a ``JSON`` field ``test_oneof_column``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The corresponding Trino row is a ``JSON`` field ``test_oneof_column``
```

containing a JSON object with a single key. The value of the key would match

> the name of the ``oneof`` type which was actually present.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the name of the ``oneof`` type that is present.
```

> In the above example it means if the Protobuf message had the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, if the Protobuf message has the
```

``test_oneof_column`` containing ``string_column`` set to a value ``Trino``

> then the corresponding Trino row would have a column named

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then the corresponding Trino row includes a column named
```
